17 September 2026
MORNING REPORT
Today's economic developments and market movements.
Key themes Data snapshot
The Fed delivered a widely FX Last 24 hrs Current Change AUS Interest Rate Swaps Last Change
expected 25bp rate hike to TWI 65.9 0.3% 30 day BBSY 4.46 0.00
a midpoint of 3.875%, with AUD/USD 0.7088 -0.6% 90 day BBSY 4.73 0.01
guidance pointing to at least AUD/JPY 110.76 0.1% 180 day BBSY 5.11 0.01
one further move by year- AUD/GBP 0.5296 0.1% 1 year swap 4.89 -0.06
end, while President Trump AUD/NZD 1.2401 0.1% 2 year swap 4.99 -0.02
renewed calls for lower AUD/EUR 0.6182 0.1% 3 year swap 4.94 -0.09
interest rates. AUD/CNH 4.7572 -0.6% 4 year swap 4.95 -0.10
AUD/SGD 0.9057 -0.2% 5 year swap 4.98 -0.09
Global equities were mixed,
AUD/HKD 5.5598 -0.6% 6 year swap 5.01 -0.09
with US stocks falling
AUD/CAD 0.9916 -0.2% 7 year swap 5.05 -0.09
as markets increased
EUR/USD 1.1465 -0.7% 8 year swap 5.10 -0.09
expectations for further Fed
USD/JPY 156.26 0.7% 9 year swap 5.14 -0.09
tightening, while softer oil
USD Index 100.31 0.7% 10 year swap 5.17 -0.09
prices supported gains in
Europe and Asia.
Equities Close Change Government Bond Yields Close Change
US Treasury yields rose S&P/ASX 200 8,697 0.3% Australia
as markets focused on the S&P 500 7,552 -0.4% 3 year bond 4.99 -0.06
prospect of additional Fed Japan Nikkei 63,923 0.7% 10 year bond 5.35 -0.06
hikes, with futures fully Hang Seng 24,714 0.2% United States
pricing a December move and Euro Stoxx 50 6,267 0.5% 3-month T Bill 3.96 0.01
assigning a 50% probability UK FTSE100 10,688 0.3% 2 year bond 4.74 0.07
to an October increase. VIX Index 17.71 3.0% 10 year bond 5.02 0.02
Other (10 year yields)
The USD strengthened
Commodities Current Change Germany 3.51 -0.03
against major currencies as
CRB Index 426.14 -0.7% Japan 3.01 -0.03
markets repriced the outlook
Gold 4263.54 -0.7% UK 5.30 -0.09
for Fed tightening.
Copper 14232 1.1%
Oil prices retreated after Oil (WTI futures) 102.06 -3.6% Sydney Futures Exchange Current Change
Saudi Arabia outlined plans Coal (coking) 273.00 0.7% 10 yr bond 5.40 0.02
to restore half the capacity of Coal (thermal) 148.90 -0.5% 3 yr bond 5.05 0.03
its East-West pipeline within Iron Ore 96.35 0.4% 3 mth bill rate 4.63 0.00
days and full capacity within ACCU 36.13 -4.3% SPI 200 8,626 -0.7%
Data as at 7:00am AEST. Change is from the previous trading day (excluding the SFE, which is the change during the night
six weeks, while the more
session). Source: Bloomberg.
hawkish Fed outlook weighed
on gold.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
1

TODAY’S INSIGHTS
Today’s key data and events
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist, Westpac Group
Time Event Exp Prev
P: +61 403 657 603
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au 8:45 NZ GDP Q2 0.1% 0.8%
21:00 GB BoE Policy Decision 17/09/2026 3.8% 3.8%
Financial Markets 22:30 US Phily Fed Manufacturing Sep 32.4pts 47.4pts
All eyes were on the Fed overnight, with the FOMC voting 22:30 US Initial Jobless Claims 12/09/2026 206.5k 206k
unanimously to raise the fed funds rate by 25bps to a 22:30 US Housing Starts Aug 6.6% -12.4%
midpoint of 3.875%. Chair Warsh characterised the move as
22:30 US Building Permits Aug Prel. -1.4% 4.3%
“remov[ing] a dose of accommodation”, implying policy is now,
0:00 US Pending Home Sales Aug -0.1% -2.3%
at most, neutral, while President Trump took to Truth Social
calling for interest rates to be lowered “AND FAST!”. While Times are AEST. All data forecasts are m/m or q/q and seasonally adjusted unless otherwise
specified. Forecasts for Australian data are our forecasts and for other countries they are
the decision was widely expected, projections pointing to at
consensus forecasts.
least one further hike by year-end weighed on US sentiment,
although a pullback in oil prices supported other markets. Annual PCE inflation is forecast to slow from 3.7%yr in 2026
to 2.3%yr in 2027, then 2.1%yr in 2028 and 2.0%yr in 2029.
• US equities were softer overnight as markets increased These forecasts are little changed since June despite today’s
expectations for further Fed tightening. The S&P 500 fell rate hike and the additional tightening forecast. Implicit here is
0.4%, with the Dow Jones leading declines, down 1.2%, that the FOMC is acting against renewed inflation risks.
while the NASDAQ was little changed. European equities
Members’ GDP forecasts were a touch higher in September
advanced as oil prices eased, with the Euro Stoxx 50 rising
than June, at 2.3%yr in 2026, 2.4%yr in 2027, 2.2%yr in 2028
0.5% and the FTSE 100 gaining 0.3%.
and 2.1%yr in 2029 – all above the FOMC’s current estimate
• Asian markets advanced on Wednesday, led by technology of potential, 2.0%yr. The unemployment rate is consequently
stocks, while softer oil prices also supported sentiment. The forecast to hold at 4.1% through to the end of 2029, consistent
KOSPI rose 1.4%, while the Nikkei 225 gained 0.7% and the with full employment being maintained.
Hang Seng added 0.2%. Locally, the ASX 200 rose 0.3%.
Asked whether the current stance is restrictive, Chair Warsh
• US Treasury yields moved higher as initial relief around the stated that, ahead of the decision, both he and the Committee
Fed’s inflation-fighting credentials gave way to concerns were “hard pressed” to describe financial conditions as restrictive.
about the prospect of additional rate hikes. The 2-year September’s hike was then characterised as removing a dose of
Treasury yield rose 7bps, while the 10-year yield gained accommodation, implying policy is now, at most, neutral.
2bps, moving back above 5% after initially easing ahead of
In gauging the degree of tightening required from here, Chair
the decision. Futures markets now price the probability of an
Warsh commented that he did not believe the Committee needed
October hike at 50%, while a move in December remains fully
to do “harm” to the labour market to tame inflation. This suggests
priced, taking the implied year-end fed funds rate to 4.20%.
a definitively restrictive stance is likely not necessary. Rather,
• Australian government bond yields fell as oil prices pared tightening twice by year end (including today) and continuing to
recent gains. Both the 3-year and 10-year yields declined flag a willingness to do more should prevent secondary effects
6bps. Swap markets continue to price the probability of a from energy prices and the AI infrastructure buildout.
September rate hike at just below 80%, while a move in
US retail sales surprised in August, headline sales up 1.2% and
November remains fully priced, taking the implied year-end
the control group 1.4%, with sales down 0.5% in July. Import
cash rate to 4.72%.
prices were also stronger than expected in August at 0.7%, and
• The US dollar strengthened on the prospect of further Fed the annual growth rate accelerated to 7.0%yr. Under the weight
tightening, with the DXY up 0.7%. The AUD fell 0.6% to of elevated interest rates and cost of living pressures, NAHB’s
0.7088, losing its 71 handle, while the yen, sterling and euro housing market index edged down to 32 in September.
each declined 0.7% against the greenback.
Euro Area inflation was 0.1% lower in July and unchanged over
• Oil prices softened after Saudi Arabia reported it was the year, in line with expectations.
seeking to restore around half the capacity of its East-West
The UK CPI rose 0.5% in August, edging the annual rate back
pipeline within days, and full capacity within six weeks.
up to 3.1%yr. Annual core and services inflation was unchanged
Brent fell 2.9% to US$106/bbl, while WTI declined 3.6% to
at 2.6%yr and 3.4%yr.
US$102/bbl. Gold slipped 0.7% on the more hawkish Fed
Local Data
outlook, while copper rose 1.1% and iron ore gained 0.4%.
International Data
The Westpac–MI Leading Index growth rate lifted to -0.09% in
August from -0.17% in July (see here).
The FOMC voted to raise the fed funds rate by 25bps to a mid-
point of 3.875% in September, in line with market expectations. In New Zealand, the current account deficit for the year to
The updated dot plot points to at least one more hike by the June quarter was reported at 3.2% of GDP (see here).
year end. 8 of the 18 members who submitted forecasts also Separately, the Westpac McDermott-Miller Consumer
signalled the risk of an additional hike by end-2027. Confidence Index rose 9 points to 89.5 in Q3 (see here).
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
2

Corporate Directory
Westpac Economics / Australia Westpac Economics / New Zealand
Sydney Auckland
Level 19, 275 Kent Street Takutai on the Square
Sydney NSW 2000 Level 8, 16 Takutai Square
Australia Auckland, New Zealand
E: economics@westpac.com.au E: economics@westpac.co.nz
Luci Ellis Kelly Eckhold
Chief Economist Westpac Group Chief Economist NZ
E: luci.ellis@westpac.com.au E: kelly.eckhold@westpac.co.nz
Matthew Hassan Michael Gordon
Head of Australian Macro–Forecasting Senior Economist
E: mhassan@westpac.com.au E: michael.gordon@westpac.co.nz
Elliot Clarke Darren Gibbs
Head of International Economics Senior Economist
E: eclarke@westpac.com.au E: darren.gibbs@westpac.co.nz
Satish Ranchhod
Sian Fenner
Senior Economist
Head of Business and Industry Economics
E: satish.ranchhod@westpac.co.nz
E: sian.fenner@westpac.com.au
Paul Clark
Justin Smirk
Industry Economist
Senior Economist
E: paul.clarke@westpac.co.nz
E: jsmirk@westpac.com.au
Pat Bustamante
Senior Economist
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au Westpac Economics / Fiji
Mantas Vanagas
Suva
Senior Economist
1 Thomson Street
E: mantas.vanagas@westpac.com.au
Suva, Fiji
Ryan Wells
Shamal Chand
Economist
Senior Economist
E: ryan.wells@westpac.com.au
E: shamal.chand@westpac.com.au
Illiana Jain
Economist
E: illiana.jain@westpac.com.au
Neha Sharma
Economist
E: neha.sharma1@westpac.com.au
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au
westpaciq.com.au

DISCLAIMER
©2026 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141 (including with respect to a financial instrument, giving rise to potential
where acting under any of its Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne conflicts of interest which may impact the performance of a financial
or BankSA brands, collectively, “Westpac”). References to the “Westpac instrument. The Westpac Group may at any time transact or hold a
Group” are to Westpac and its subsidiaries and includes the directors, position (including hedging and trading positions) for its own account
employees and representatives of Westpac and its subsidiaries. or the account of a client in any financial instrument which may impact
the performance of that financial instrument.
Things you should know
Author(s) disclaimer and declaration: The author(s) confirms that
We respect your privacy: You can view the New Zealand Privacy (a) no part of his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or
Policy here, or the Australian Group Privacy Statement here. indirectly, related to any views or (if applicable) recommendations
Each time someone visits our site, data is captured so that we can expressed in this material; (b) this material accurately reflects his/her
accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements personal views about the financial products, companies or issuers (if
for you. We may at times use technology to capture data about you to applicable) and is based on sources reasonably believed to be reliable
help us to better understand you and your needs, including potentially and accurate; (c) to the best of the author’s knowledge, they are not in
for the purposes of assessing your individual reading habits and receipt of inside information and this material does not contain inside
interests to allow us to provide suggestions regarding other reading information; and (d) no other part of the Westpac Group has made any
material which may be suitable for you. attempt to influence this material.
This information, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under Further important information regarding sustainability related
copyright of the Westpac Group. None of the material, nor its content: This material may contain statements relating to
contents, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, transmitted environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. These are subject
to, copied of distributed to any other party without the prior written to known and unknown risks, and there are significant uncertainties,
permission of the Westpac Group. limitations, risks and assumptions in the metrics, modelling, data,
scenarios, reporting and analysis on which the statements rely. In
Disclaimer particular, these areas are rapidly evolving and maturing, and there
are variations in approaches and common standards and practice, as
This information has been prepared by Westpac and is intended well as uncertainty around future related policy and legislation. Some
for information purposes only. It is not intended to reflect any material may include information derived from publicly available
recommendation or financial advice and investment decisions should sources that have not been independently verified. No representation
not be based on it. This information does not constitute an offer, a or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability
solicitation of an offer, or an inducement to subscribe for, purchase or of the information. There is a risk that the analysis, estimates,
sell any financial instrument or to enter into a legally binding contract. judgements, assumptions, views, models, scenarios or projections
To the extent that this information contains any general advice, it has used may turn out to be incorrect. These risks may cause actual
been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The
situation or needs and before acting on it you should consider the ESG-related statements in this material do not constitute advice,
appropriateness of the advice. Certain types of transactions, including nor are they guarantees or predictions of future performance, and
those involving futures, options and high yield securities give rise to Westpac gives no representation, warranty or assurance (including
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. We recommend as to the quality, accuracy or completeness of the statements). You
that you seek your own independent legal or financial advice before should seek your own independent advice.
proceeding with any investment decision.
Additional country disclosures:
This information may contain material provided by third parties.
While such material is published with the necessary permission none Australia: Westpac holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (No.
of Westpac or its related entities accepts any responsibility for the 233714). You can access Westpac’s Financial Services Guide here or
accuracy or completeness of any such material. Although we have request a copy from your Westpac point of contact. To the extent that this
made every effort to ensure this information is free from error, none information contains any general advice, it has been prepared without
of Westpac or its related entities warrants the accuracy, adequacy taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and before
or completeness of this information, or otherwise endorses it in acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the advice.
any way. Except where contrary to law, Westpac Group intend by
this notice to exclude liability for this information. This information New Zealand: In New Zealand, Westpac Institutional Bank refers to
is subject to change without notice and none of Westpac or its the brand under which products and services are provided by either
related entities is under any obligation to update this information or Westpac (NZ division) or Westpac New Zealand Limited (company
correct any inaccuracy which may become apparent at a later date. number 1763882), the New Zealand incorporated subsidiary of
This information may contain or incorporate by reference forward Westpac (“WNZL”). Any product or service made available by WNZL
looking statements. The words “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, does not represent an offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries
“intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “continue”, “assume”, “positioned”, “may”, (other than WNZL). Neither Westpac nor its other subsidiaries
“will”, “should”, “shall”, “risk” and other similar expressions that are guarantee or otherwise support the performance of WNZL in respect
predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify of any such product. WNZL is not an authorised deposit-taking
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements institution for the purposes of Australian prudential standards. The
include all matters that are not historical facts. Past performance is current disclosure statements for the New Zealand branch of Westpac
not a reliable indicator of future performance, nor are forecasts of and WNZL can be obtained at www.westpac.co.nz.
future performance. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that
the assumptions on which any forecasts are based are reasonable, the Singapore: This material has been prepared and issued for
forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or distribution in Singapore to institutional investors, accredited
unknown risks and uncertainties. The ultimate outcomes may differ investors and expert investors (as defined in the applicable Singapore
substantially from any forecasts. laws and regulations) only. Recipients of this material in Singapore
should contact Westpac Singapore Branch in respect of any
Conflicts of Interest: In the normal course of offering banking matters arising from, or in connection with, this material. Westpac
products and services to its clients, the Westpac Group may act Singapore Branch holds a wholesale banking licence and is subject to
in several capacities (including issuer, market maker, underwriter, supervision by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
distributor, swap counterparty and calculation agent) simultaneously
Disclaimer continues overleaf
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
4

DISCLAIMER
Fiji: Unless otherwise specified, the products and services for The London branch of Westpac is registered at Companies House as
Westpac Fiji are available from www.westpac.com.fj © Westpac a branch established in the United Kingdom (Branch No. BR000106).
Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This information does not Details about the extent of the regulation of Westpac’s London branch
take your personal circumstances into account and before acting on it by the PRA are available from us on request.
you should consider the appropriateness of the information for your
financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 This communication is not being made to or distributed to, and must
141 is incorporated in NSW Australia and registered as a branch in not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Rather,
Fiji. The liability of its members is limited. this communication is being made only to and is directed at (a) those
persons falling within the definition of Investment Professionals
Papua New Guinea: Unless otherwise specified, the products and (set out in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act
services for Westpac PNG are available from www.westpac.com. 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)); (b) those
pg © Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This persons falling within the definition of high net worth companies,
information does not take your personal circumstances into account unincorporated associations etc. (set out in Article 49(2)of the Order; (c)
and before acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated in accordance
information for your financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation with the Order or (d) any persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully
ABN 33 007 457 141 is incorporated in NSW Australia. Westpac is be made (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant
represented in Papua New Guinea by Westpac Bank - PNG - Limited. persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or
The liability of its members is limited. rely on this communication or any of its contents. In the same way, the
information contained in this communication is intended for “eligible
U.S: Westpac operates in the United States of America as a federally counterparties” and “professional clients” as defined by the rules of
licensed branch, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the the Financial Conduct Authority and is not intended for “retail clients”.
Currency. Westpac is also registered with the US Commodity Futures Westpac expressly prohibits you from passing on the information in this
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Swap Dealer, but is neither communication to any third party.
registered as, or affiliated with, a Futures Commission Merchant
registered with the US CFTC. The services and products referenced European Economic Area (“EEA”): This material may be distributed
above are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to you by either: (i) Westpac directly, or (ii) Westpac Europe GmbH
(“FDIC”). Westpac Capital Markets, LLC (‘WCM’), a wholly-owned (“WEG”) under a sub-licensing arrangement. WEG has not edited or
subsidiary of Westpac, is a broker-dealer registered under the U.S. otherwise modified the content of this material. WEG is authorised
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘the Exchange Act’) and member of in Germany by the Federal Financial Supervision Authority (‘BaFin’)
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). In accordance and subject to its regulation. WEG’s supervisory authorities are BaFin
with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association with Related and the German Federal Bank (‘Deutsche Bundesbank’). WEG is
Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WCM other than as provided registered with the commercial register (‘Handelsregister’) of the local
for in certain legal agreements between Westpac and WCM and court of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 118483.
obligations of WCM do not represent liabilities of Westpac. In accordance with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association
with Related Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WEG other
This communication is provided for distribution to U.S. institutional than as provided for in certain legal agreements (a risk transfer, sub-
investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by participation and collateral agreement) between Westpac and WEG
Rule 15a-6 under the Exchange Act and is not subject to all of the and obligations of WEG do not represent liabilities of Westpac. Any
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research product or service made available by WEG does not represent an
reports prepared for retail investors in the United States. WCM is the offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries (other than WEG). All
U.S. distributor of this communication and accepts responsibility for disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WEG.
the contents of this communication. Transactions by U.S. customers of
any securities referenced herein should be effected through WCM. All This communication is not intended for distribution to, or use by any
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WCM. If person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution
you would like to speak to someone regarding any security mentioned or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
herein, please contact WCM on +1 212 389 1269. Investing in any
non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments mentioned in this This communication contains general commentary, research, and
communication may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. market colour. The communication does not constitute investment
issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to the regulations advice. The material may contain an ‘investment recommendation’
of, the SEC in the United States. Information on such non-U.S. and/or ‘information recommending or suggesting an investment’, both
securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Non-U.S. as defined in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (including as applicable
companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and in the United Kingdom) (“MAR”). In accordance with the relevant
regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect in the United provisions of MAR, reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the
States. The value of any investment or income from any securities material has been objectively presented and that interests or conflicts
or related derivative instruments denominated in a currency other of interest of the sender concerning the financial instruments to which
than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may that information relates have been disclosed.
have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such
securities or related derivative instruments. Investment recommendations must be read alongside the specific
disclosure which accompanies them and the general disclosure which
The author of this communication is employed by Westpac and is not can be found here. Such disclosure fulfils certain additional information
registered or qualified as a research analyst, representative, or associated requirements of MAR and associated delegated legislation and by
person of WCM or any other U.S. broker-dealer under the rules of accepting this communication you acknowledge that you are aware of
FINRA, any other U.S. self-regulatory organisation, or the laws, rules or the existence of such additional disclosure and its contents.
regulations of any State. Unless otherwise specifically stated, the views
expressed herein are solely those of the author and may differ from the To the extent this communication comprises an investment
information, views or analysis expressed by Westpac and/or its affiliates. recommendation it is classified as non-independent research. It has
not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed
UK: The London branch of Westpac is authorised in the United to promote the independence of investment research and therefore
Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is subject constitutes a marketing communication. Further, this communication is
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of
regulation by the PRA (Financial Services Register number: 124586). investment research.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
5