9 September 2026
MORNING REPORT
Today's economic developments and market movements.
Key themes Data snapshot
Escalating tensions in the FX Last 24 hrs Current Change AUS Interest Rate Swaps Last Change
Middle East continued to TWI 66.3 0.0% 30 day BBSY 4.40 0.00
drive markets overnight, AUD/USD 0.7220 0.0% 90 day BBSY 4.66 0.00
with attacks on Saudi energy AUD/JPY 111.19 -0.3% 180 day BBSY 5.00 0.01
infrastructure and US strikes AUD/GBP 0.5334 0.0% 1 year swap 4.80 0.00
on Iranian targets pushing AUD/NZD 1.2327 0.4% 2 year swap 4.80 0.00
WTI crude to a three-month AUD/EUR 0.6212 0.0% 3 year swap 4.78 0.00
high of US$93/bbl, reigniting AUD/CNH 4.8427 -0.1% 4 year swap 4.78 -0.01
inflation concerns. AUD/SGD 0.9133 -0.1% 5 year swap 4.81 -0.01
AUD/HKD 5.6616 0.0% 6 year swap 4.85 -0.02
Risk sentiment deteriorated
AUD/CAD 0.9953 -0.3% 7 year swap 4.90 -0.01
as higher oil prices and rising
EUR/USD 1.1625 0.0% 8 year swap 4.95 -0.01
yields weighed on equities.
USD/JPY 153.98 -0.2% 9 year swap 5.00 -0.01
The S&P 500 fell 0.6%, the
USD Index 98.85 -0.3% 10 year swap 5.04 -0.02
Dow Jones lost 1.2%, while
European markets delivered a
Equities Close Change Government Bond Yields Close Change
mixed performance.
S&P/ASX 200 8,921 -1.0% Australia
Bond markets extended S&P 500 7,674 -0.6% 3 year bond 4.78 0.00
their sell-off, with the US Japan Nikkei 65,269 -1.7% 10 year bond 5.19 -0.01
2-year Treasury yield rising Hang Seng 25,317 -0.4% United States
to 4.39%. Markets are now Euro Stoxx 50 6,413 0.1% 3-month T Bill 3.78 0.01
pricing a roughly 60% chance UK FTSE100 10,812 -0.1% 2 year bond 4.39 0.03
of a Fed rate hike this month VIX Index 15.72 2.7% 10 year bond 4.79 0.01
and more than 60bps of Other (10 year yields)
tightening by the end of 2027. Commodities Current Change Germany 3.37 -0.02
CRB Index 419.57 0.8% Japan 2.90 -0.03
Australian rates remain under
Gold 4360.97 -1.1% UK 5.17 0.00
upward pressure following
Copper 14708 1.4%
hawkish RBA communication.
Oil (WTI futures) 93.03 1.7% Sydney Futures Exchange Current Change
Markets now fully price
Coal (coking) 276.00 1.1% 10 yr bond 5.20 0.01
another rate hike by year-end
Coal (thermal) 151.15 -0.6% 3 yr bond 4.80 0.02
(consistent with Westpac
Iron Ore 100.20 0.7% 3 mth bill rate 4.62 0.01
Economics’ updated rates
ACCU 36.13 -4.3% SPI 200 8,924 0.2%
outlook) and see almost an
Data as at 7:00am AEST. Change is from the previous trading day (excluding the SFE, which is the change during the night
80% chance of a follow-up session). Source: Bloomberg.
move in March 2027.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
1

TODAY’S INSIGHTS
Pat Bustamante Today’s key data and events
Senior Economist, Westpac Group
Time Event Exp Prev
P: +61 468 571 786
5:00 US Consumer Credit Jul US$11.9b US$14.2b
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au
11:30 CN PPI Aug 3.6% 3.5%
Financial Markets 11:30 CN CPI Aug 0.8% 0.5%
- CN M2 Money Supply Aug 7.6% 7.7%
• There was a risk-off tone overnight amid rising hostilities in
the Middle East and higher oil prices. Yemeni rebels attacked Times are AEST. All data forecasts are m/m or q/q and seasonally adjusted unless otherwise
specified. Forecasts for Australian data are our forecasts and for other countries they are
Saudi Arabian energy facilities, while US forces struck Iranian consensus forecasts.
targets near Kharg Island. This pushed oil prices to their
• In foreign exchange markets, the US dollar eased overnight,
highest levels since early June, with WTI crude rising 1.7%
with the DXY falling 0.3% to 98.85. The Australian dollar was
to US$93.03 a barrel. The move added to inflation concerns,
unchanged against the US dollar at US$0.7220. Against major
pushing bond yields higher and increasing the odds of further
crosses, the Australian dollar fell 0.3% against the yen and
US rate hikes.
0.3% against the Canadian dollar, while rising 0.4% against the
• In trade-related news, the EU and Canada are set to New Zealand dollar. It was broadly unchanged against sterling,
announce new trade and security ties, while Canadian Prime the euro and the Hong Kong dollar, and eased slightly against
Minister Mark Carney defended his latest tariffs on American the Chinese yuan and Singapore dollar.
goods, including US steel and a range of consumer products,
• Commodity markets were firmer overall. The CRB Index rose
arguing they are intended to protect Canadian businesses
0.8%, supported by gains across several key commodities. WTI
rather than escalate tensions with Washington.
crude oil increased 1.7% to US$93.03 a barrel. Copper rose
• Key US equity indices declined overnight. The S&P 500 fell 1.4%, iron ore gained 0.7% to US$100.20/t, and coking coal
0.6% to 7,674, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average also increased 1.1%. Gold fell 1.1%, thermal coal declined 0.6%,
moved 1.2% lower amid higher bond yields and expectations and ACCU prices fell 4.3%.
of tighter monetary policy. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was
• Copper futures rose in part as buyers continued to stockpile
relatively resilient, falling 0.3% on the day.
inventories amid ongoing trade disruptions and supply outages.
• European equities were mixed, with the Euro Stoxx 50 edging Copper’s critical role in electrical wiring, power networks and
up 0.1%, France’s CAC increased 0.2%, while Germany’s infrastructure has also made it a popular proxy for investors
DAX and the FTSE 100 were down 0.1%. Asian markets seeking exposure to the AI boom.
were weaker, with the Nikkei down 1.7% and the Hang Seng
International Data
declining 0.4%. Locally, the S&P/ASX 200 fell 1.0% to 8,921.
Equity futures are pointing to a modest rebound, with the SPI
US NFIB small business optimism edged down in August from
200 up 0.2% to 8,924.
99.8 to 98.7, remaining modestly above the survey’s 5-year
• The bond market sell-off continued overnight. The yield on the average of 94.7.
policy-sensitive two-year Treasury rose 3bps to 4.39%, while
the 10-year Treasury yield increased 1bp to 4.79%. Traders US NY Fed 1-year inflation expectations edged down from
are now pricing around 35bps of rate hikes by the end of 2026 3.63% to 3.58% in August, below the average of the past
and almost 60bps by the end of 2027. The probability of a US 5-years of 4.08%.
Federal Reserve rate hike this month is now around 50%.
US consumer credit bounced from $14.6bn in June to $18.1bn
• Australian bond markets were mixed. The 3-year government
in July, against expectations for a decline to $18.1bn.
bond yield was unchanged at 4.78%, while the 10-year
yield eased 1bp to 5.19%. On the back of hawkish RBA
Yesterday, China’s trade surplus widened further in August
communication, futures softened slightly, with the 3-year
from $112bn to $119bn. Exports gained 25.0%yr while imports
futures yield rising 2bps to 4.80% and the 10-year futures yield
were up 28.2%yr.
increasing 1bp to 5.20%. OIS pricing continues to imply a cash
rate near 4.70% by year-end, with markets now pencilling in at Local Data
least one further rate hike this year, consistent with Westpac
Economics’ updated rates outlook. Westpac Economics now expects a rate hike in November
due to the stronger than previously expected underlying
inflation impulse. This, in turn, has been driven by more resilient
household incomes and larger spillovers from the data centre
boom (see here).
During her fireside chat at the AFR Property summit, RBA
Assistant Governor Sarah Hunter noted that the data centre
boom has surprised the RBA on the upside and was boosting
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
2

domestic activity despite higher import penetration levels.
When asked about rates, Hunter noted that the strong July CPI
read was driven by domestic factors and the Board may have to
raise rates if inflation is tracking above forecasts.
The Westpac–MI Consumer Sentiment Index declined 5.2% to
84.4 in September from 88.9 in August. The component detail
shows a broad-based decline in September led by a pullback in
current assessments of family finances. The fall takes sentiment
back towards the deeply pessimistic levels seen earlier in the
year. Both fuel prices and interest rates again look to be driving
the move (see here).
Business conditions fell into negative territory for the first time
in six years, declining 5pts to –1 and marking the weakest result
since the height of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. Business
confidence declined for a second consecutive month, falling
2pts to –8 and extending the reversal of the recovery that
emerged from the conflict lows in March and April (see here).
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
3

Corporate Directory
Westpac Economics / Australia Westpac Economics / New Zealand
Sydney Auckland
Level 19, 275 Kent Street Takutai on the Square
Sydney NSW 2000 Level 8, 16 Takutai Square
Australia Auckland, New Zealand
E: economics@westpac.com.au E: economics@westpac.co.nz
Luci Ellis Kelly Eckhold
Chief Economist Westpac Group Chief Economist NZ
E: luci.ellis@westpac.com.au E: kelly.eckhold@westpac.co.nz
Matthew Hassan Michael Gordon
Head of Australian Macro–Forecasting Senior Economist
E: mhassan@westpac.com.au E: michael.gordon@westpac.co.nz
Elliot Clarke Darren Gibbs
Head of International Economics Senior Economist
E: eclarke@westpac.com.au E: darren.gibbs@westpac.co.nz
Satish Ranchhod
Sian Fenner
Senior Economist
Head of Business and Industry Economics
E: satish.ranchhod@westpac.co.nz
E: sian.fenner@westpac.com.au
Paul Clark
Justin Smirk
Industry Economist
Senior Economist
E: paul.clarke@westpac.co.nz
E: jsmirk@westpac.com.au
Pat Bustamante
Senior Economist
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au Westpac Economics / Fiji
Mantas Vanagas
Suva
Senior Economist
1 Thomson Street
E: mantas.vanagas@westpac.com.au
Suva, Fiji
Ryan Wells
Shamal Chand
Economist
Senior Economist
E: ryan.wells@westpac.com.au
E: shamal.chand@westpac.com.au
Illiana Jain
Economist
E: illiana.jain@westpac.com.au
Neha Sharma
Economist
E: neha.sharma1@westpac.com.au
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au
westpaciq.com.au

DISCLAIMER
©2026 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141 (including with respect to a financial instrument, giving rise to potential
where acting under any of its Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne conflicts of interest which may impact the performance of a financial
or BankSA brands, collectively, “Westpac”). References to the “Westpac instrument. The Westpac Group may at any time transact or hold a
Group” are to Westpac and its subsidiaries and includes the directors, position (including hedging and trading positions) for its own account
employees and representatives of Westpac and its subsidiaries. or the account of a client in any financial instrument which may impact
the performance of that financial instrument.
Things you should know
Author(s) disclaimer and declaration: The author(s) confirms that
We respect your privacy: You can view the New Zealand Privacy (a) no part of his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or
Policy here, or the Australian Group Privacy Statement here. indirectly, related to any views or (if applicable) recommendations
Each time someone visits our site, data is captured so that we can expressed in this material; (b) this material accurately reflects his/her
accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements personal views about the financial products, companies or issuers (if
for you. We may at times use technology to capture data about you to applicable) and is based on sources reasonably believed to be reliable
help us to better understand you and your needs, including potentially and accurate; (c) to the best of the author’s knowledge, they are not in
for the purposes of assessing your individual reading habits and receipt of inside information and this material does not contain inside
interests to allow us to provide suggestions regarding other reading information; and (d) no other part of the Westpac Group has made any
material which may be suitable for you. attempt to influence this material.
This information, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under Further important information regarding sustainability related
copyright of the Westpac Group. None of the material, nor its content: This material may contain statements relating to
contents, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, transmitted environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. These are subject
to, copied of distributed to any other party without the prior written to known and unknown risks, and there are significant uncertainties,
permission of the Westpac Group. limitations, risks and assumptions in the metrics, modelling, data,
scenarios, reporting and analysis on which the statements rely. In
Disclaimer particular, these areas are rapidly evolving and maturing, and there
are variations in approaches and common standards and practice, as
This information has been prepared by Westpac and is intended well as uncertainty around future related policy and legislation. Some
for information purposes only. It is not intended to reflect any material may include information derived from publicly available
recommendation or financial advice and investment decisions should sources that have not been independently verified. No representation
not be based on it. This information does not constitute an offer, a or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability
solicitation of an offer, or an inducement to subscribe for, purchase or of the information. There is a risk that the analysis, estimates,
sell any financial instrument or to enter into a legally binding contract. judgements, assumptions, views, models, scenarios or projections
To the extent that this information contains any general advice, it has used may turn out to be incorrect. These risks may cause actual
been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The
situation or needs and before acting on it you should consider the ESG-related statements in this material do not constitute advice,
appropriateness of the advice. Certain types of transactions, including nor are they guarantees or predictions of future performance, and
those involving futures, options and high yield securities give rise to Westpac gives no representation, warranty or assurance (including
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. We recommend as to the quality, accuracy or completeness of the statements). You
that you seek your own independent legal or financial advice before should seek your own independent advice.
proceeding with any investment decision.
Additional country disclosures:
This information may contain material provided by third parties.
While such material is published with the necessary permission none Australia: Westpac holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (No.
of Westpac or its related entities accepts any responsibility for the 233714). You can access Westpac’s Financial Services Guide here or
accuracy or completeness of any such material. Although we have request a copy from your Westpac point of contact. To the extent that this
made every effort to ensure this information is free from error, none information contains any general advice, it has been prepared without
of Westpac or its related entities warrants the accuracy, adequacy taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and before
or completeness of this information, or otherwise endorses it in acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the advice.
any way. Except where contrary to law, Westpac Group intend by
this notice to exclude liability for this information. This information New Zealand: In New Zealand, Westpac Institutional Bank refers to
is subject to change without notice and none of Westpac or its the brand under which products and services are provided by either
related entities is under any obligation to update this information or Westpac (NZ division) or Westpac New Zealand Limited (company
correct any inaccuracy which may become apparent at a later date. number 1763882), the New Zealand incorporated subsidiary of
This information may contain or incorporate by reference forward Westpac (“WNZL”). Any product or service made available by WNZL
looking statements. The words “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, does not represent an offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries
“intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “continue”, “assume”, “positioned”, “may”, (other than WNZL). Neither Westpac nor its other subsidiaries
“will”, “should”, “shall”, “risk” and other similar expressions that are guarantee or otherwise support the performance of WNZL in respect
predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify of any such product. WNZL is not an authorised deposit-taking
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements institution for the purposes of Australian prudential standards. The
include all matters that are not historical facts. Past performance is current disclosure statements for the New Zealand branch of Westpac
not a reliable indicator of future performance, nor are forecasts of and WNZL can be obtained at www.westpac.co.nz.
future performance. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that
the assumptions on which any forecasts are based are reasonable, the Singapore: This material has been prepared and issued for
forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or distribution in Singapore to institutional investors, accredited
unknown risks and uncertainties. The ultimate outcomes may differ investors and expert investors (as defined in the applicable Singapore
substantially from any forecasts. laws and regulations) only. Recipients of this material in Singapore
should contact Westpac Singapore Branch in respect of any
Conflicts of Interest: In the normal course of offering banking matters arising from, or in connection with, this material. Westpac
products and services to its clients, the Westpac Group may act Singapore Branch holds a wholesale banking licence and is subject to
in several capacities (including issuer, market maker, underwriter, supervision by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
distributor, swap counterparty and calculation agent) simultaneously
Disclaimer continues overleaf
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
5

DISCLAIMER
Fiji: Unless otherwise specified, the products and services for The London branch of Westpac is registered at Companies House as
Westpac Fiji are available from www.westpac.com.fj © Westpac a branch established in the United Kingdom (Branch No. BR000106).
Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This information does not Details about the extent of the regulation of Westpac’s London branch
take your personal circumstances into account and before acting on it by the PRA are available from us on request.
you should consider the appropriateness of the information for your
financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 This communication is not being made to or distributed to, and must
141 is incorporated in NSW Australia and registered as a branch in not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Rather,
Fiji. The liability of its members is limited. this communication is being made only to and is directed at (a) those
persons falling within the definition of Investment Professionals
Papua New Guinea: Unless otherwise specified, the products and (set out in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act
services for Westpac PNG are available from www.westpac.com. 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)); (b) those
pg © Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This persons falling within the definition of high net worth companies,
information does not take your personal circumstances into account unincorporated associations etc. (set out in Article 49(2)of the Order; (c)
and before acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated in accordance
information for your financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation with the Order or (d) any persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully
ABN 33 007 457 141 is incorporated in NSW Australia. Westpac is be made (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant
represented in Papua New Guinea by Westpac Bank - PNG - Limited. persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or
The liability of its members is limited. rely on this communication or any of its contents. In the same way, the
information contained in this communication is intended for “eligible
U.S: Westpac operates in the United States of America as a federally counterparties” and “professional clients” as defined by the rules of
licensed branch, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the the Financial Conduct Authority and is not intended for “retail clients”.
Currency. Westpac is also registered with the US Commodity Futures Westpac expressly prohibits you from passing on the information in this
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Swap Dealer, but is neither communication to any third party.
registered as, or affiliated with, a Futures Commission Merchant
registered with the US CFTC. The services and products referenced European Economic Area (“EEA”): This material may be distributed
above are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to you by either: (i) Westpac directly, or (ii) Westpac Europe GmbH
(“FDIC”). Westpac Capital Markets, LLC (‘WCM’), a wholly-owned (“WEG”) under a sub-licensing arrangement. WEG has not edited or
subsidiary of Westpac, is a broker-dealer registered under the U.S. otherwise modified the content of this material. WEG is authorised
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘the Exchange Act’) and member of in Germany by the Federal Financial Supervision Authority (‘BaFin’)
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). In accordance and subject to its regulation. WEG’s supervisory authorities are BaFin
with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association with Related and the German Federal Bank (‘Deutsche Bundesbank’). WEG is
Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WCM other than as provided registered with the commercial register (‘Handelsregister’) of the local
for in certain legal agreements between Westpac and WCM and court of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 118483.
obligations of WCM do not represent liabilities of Westpac. In accordance with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association
with Related Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WEG other
This communication is provided for distribution to U.S. institutional than as provided for in certain legal agreements (a risk transfer, sub-
investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by participation and collateral agreement) between Westpac and WEG
Rule 15a-6 under the Exchange Act and is not subject to all of the and obligations of WEG do not represent liabilities of Westpac. Any
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research product or service made available by WEG does not represent an
reports prepared for retail investors in the United States. WCM is the offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries (other than WEG). All
U.S. distributor of this communication and accepts responsibility for disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WEG.
the contents of this communication. Transactions by U.S. customers of
any securities referenced herein should be effected through WCM. All This communication is not intended for distribution to, or use by any
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WCM. If person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution
you would like to speak to someone regarding any security mentioned or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
herein, please contact WCM on +1 212 389 1269. Investing in any
non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments mentioned in this This communication contains general commentary, research, and
communication may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. market colour. The communication does not constitute investment
issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to the regulations advice. The material may contain an ‘investment recommendation’
of, the SEC in the United States. Information on such non-U.S. and/or ‘information recommending or suggesting an investment’, both
securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Non-U.S. as defined in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (including as applicable
companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and in the United Kingdom) (“MAR”). In accordance with the relevant
regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect in the United provisions of MAR, reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the
States. The value of any investment or income from any securities material has been objectively presented and that interests or conflicts
or related derivative instruments denominated in a currency other of interest of the sender concerning the financial instruments to which
than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may that information relates have been disclosed.
have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such
securities or related derivative instruments. Investment recommendations must be read alongside the specific
disclosure which accompanies them and the general disclosure which
The author of this communication is employed by Westpac and is not can be found here. Such disclosure fulfils certain additional information
registered or qualified as a research analyst, representative, or associated requirements of MAR and associated delegated legislation and by
person of WCM or any other U.S. broker-dealer under the rules of accepting this communication you acknowledge that you are aware of
FINRA, any other U.S. self-regulatory organisation, or the laws, rules or the existence of such additional disclosure and its contents.
regulations of any State. Unless otherwise specifically stated, the views
expressed herein are solely those of the author and may differ from the To the extent this communication comprises an investment
information, views or analysis expressed by Westpac and/or its affiliates. recommendation it is classified as non-independent research. It has
not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed
UK: The London branch of Westpac is authorised in the United to promote the independence of investment research and therefore
Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is subject constitutes a marketing communication. Further, this communication is
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of
regulation by the PRA (Financial Services Register number: 124586). investment research.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
6