3 September 2026
MORNING REPORT
Today's economic developments and market movements.
Key themes Data snapshot
Oil extended its gains as FX Last 24 hrs Current Change AUS Interest Rate Swaps Last Change
President Trump downplayed TWI 66.1 -0.2% 30 day BBSY 4.36 0.01
prospects for a deal with AUD/USD 0.7168 0.3% 90 day BBSY 4.61 0.01
Iran, while concerns around AUD/JPY 113.78 -0.6% 180 day BBSY 4.95 0.02
inflation and further AUD/GBP 0.5315 0.6% 1 year swap 4.80 0.04
monetary policy tightening AUD/NZD 1.2250 1.0% 2 year swap 4.80 0.04
weighed on broader risk AUD/EUR 0.6187 0.4% 3 year swap 4.79 0.04
sentiment. AUD/CNH 4.8167 0.3% 4 year swap 4.80 0.04
AUD/SGD 0.9112 0.2% 5 year swap 4.83 0.04
Global equities were
AUD/HKD 5.6217 0.4% 6 year swap 4.88 0.04
generally weaker outside
AUD/CAD 0.9922 -0.1% 7 year swap 4.92 0.04
the US, with Asian markets
EUR/USD 1.1588 0.0% 8 year swap 4.97 0.04
leading declines as higher oil
USD/JPY 158.71 -0.9% 9 year swap 5.02 0.03
prices weighed on sentiment.
USD Index 99.56 -0.1% 10 year swap 5.06 0.03
Australian government bond
yields rose sharply as slightly Equities Close Change Government Bond Yields Close Change
stronger-than-expected S&P/ASX 200 8,978 -1.0% Australia
GDP growth reinforced S&P 500 7,667 0.5% 3 year bond 4.82 0.10
market expectations for Japan Nikkei 64,326 -2.9% 10 year bond 5.23 0.05
further RBA tightening, with Hang Seng 25,311 -0.1% United States
swap markets pricing the Euro Stoxx 50 6,362 -0.1% 3-month T Bill 3.77 0.00
probability of a September UK FTSE100 10,756 -0.3% 2 year bond 4.37 -0.03
rate hike at just under 70%. VIX Index 15.2 -7.0% 10 year bond 4.78 -0.02
Other (10 year yields)
The yen appreciated
Commodities Current Change Germany 3.38 0.03
sharply against the USD,
CRB Index 416.84 -0.1% Japan 3.03 0.02
leaving markets alert to the
Gold 4381.58 1.2% UK 5.23 0.01
possibility of intervention by
Copper 14216 -0.4%
Japanese authorities.
Oil (WTI futures) 90.63 0.5% Sydney Futures Exchange Current Change
Oil advanced amid little Coal (coking) 272.00 -2.5% 10 yr bond 5.22 -0.01
sign of a breakthrough in Coal (thermal) 148.90 0.8% 3 yr bond 4.80 -0.02
Middle East tensions, while Iron Ore 97.95 -2.1% 3 mth bill rate 4.63 -0.01
gold rebounded as softer ACCU 36.13 -4.3% SPI 200 8,978 0.4%
Data as at 7:00am AEST. Change is from the previous trading day (excluding the SFE, which is the change during the night
US Treasury yields provided
session). Source: Bloomberg.
support.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
1

TODAY’S INSIGHTS
Today’s key data and events
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist, Westpac Group
Time Event Exp Prev
P: +61 403 657 603
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au 8:45 NZ Terms Of Trade Q2 -1.9% -2.0%
10:30 JP S&P Global Services PMI Aug Final - 52.3pts
Financial Markets 11:00 NZ ANZ Commodity Prices Aug - -3.9%
Oil continued to climb after the US announced it had concluded 11:30 AU Trade Balance Jul $1500m $1929m
its latest round of strikes on Iran. Global equities and bonds 11:45 CN RatingDog Composite PMI Aug - 50.8pts
were generally weaker outside the US as concerns around 11:45 CN RatingDog Services PMI Aug 50.6pts 50.4pts
inflation and the prospect of further monetary policy tightening
18:00 EZ S&P Global Services PMI Aug Final 51.7pts 51.7pts
weighed on sentiment. Markets were also unsettled by
18:30 GB S&P Services PMI Aug Final 52.8pts 52.8pts
President Trump’s Truth Social post, in which he stated that he
19:00 EZ PPI Jul 1.2% -0.3%
“couldn’t care less if they sign a worthless, to them, agreement”,
suggesting prospects for a deal remain uncertain. Domestically, 22:30 US Trade Balance Jul -US$90.3b -US$73.3b
attention centred on the Q2 GDP release, which came in slightly 22:30 US Productivity Q2 Final 1.4% 1.4%
above expectations at 0.4%qtr, reinforcing market expectations 22:30 US Initial Jobless Claims 29/08/2026 205k 203k
of a more hawkish RBA outlook.
23:45 US S&P Services PMI Aug Final 56.8pts 56.8pts
0:00 US ISM Services Aug 54.1pts 54.1pts
• US equities ended a three-day slide as solid fundamentals
supported dip-buying. The S&P 500 rose 0.5%, while the Dow Times are AEST. All data forecasts are m/m or q/q and seasonally adjusted unless otherwise
specified. Forecasts for Australian data are our forecasts and for other countries they are
Jones gained 0.6% and the NASDAQ added 0.5%. European consensus forecasts.
equities were weighed down by elevated oil prices, with the
at 38k (47k) in August, down from a revised 46k in July.
Euro Stoxx 50 down 0.1% and the FTSE 100 falling 0.3%.
US factory orders rose 0.9% in July. Durable goods orders ex
• Asian markets bore the brunt of weaker sentiment amid
transport were confirmed at 0.4%, while the core measure (ex
higher oil prices. The KOSPI fell 4.0%, while the Nikkei 225
defence and air) was revised down from 0.2% to 0.0%.
declined 2.9% and the Hang Seng slipped 0.1%. Locally, the
ASX 200 fell 1.0%, with sentiment further weighed down by The August Beige Book from the Federal Reserve pointed to
market expectations for additional RBA tightening. “slight to moderate” growth in 10 of 12 districts, with consumer
spending up “slightly on balance”. “Residential construction
• US Treasuries edged higher overnight, with the 2-year yield
declined while nonresidential construction increased on
down 3bps and the 10-year yield declining 2bps. Futures
balance.” “Employment rose very slightly overall”, 7 districts
markets now fully price a Fed hike in December, while the
reporting “slight” or “modest” growth and 5 districts no change.
probability of a move in October is around 90%, taking the
Since the last update, “the pace of price increases was the same
implied year-end fed funds rate to 4.0%.
in eight Districts, decreased in three, and increased in one”.
• Elevated oil prices, together with the stronger-than-expected “Input price pressures were notably elevated in manufacturing
GDP outcome, prompted markets to further reprice the RBA and construction across multiple Districts.
outlook. The Australian 3-year government bond yield rose
The Bank of Canada voted to keep the stance of policy
10bps, while the 10-year yield increased 5bps. Swap markets
unchanged in September. The global economy has shown
have lifted the implied probability of a September rate hike to
resilience and “Canadian economic activity strengthened in the
69%, while a move in November remains fully priced, taking
second quarter.” The labour market has improved, but “demand
the implied year-end cash rate to 4.69%.
for labour remains subdued and indicators point to continued
• FX markets saw modest USD weakness, with the DXY down excess supply in the economy”. “So far, there has been little
0.1%. The AUD rose 0.3% against the greenback to 0.7168, evidence of higher energy prices spreading to other components
while the euro was unchanged and sterling fell 0.2%. The yen of inflation: excluding gasoline, inflation was 2.2% and measures
appreciated sharply against the USD, rising 0.9%, with markets of core inflation remained close to 2% in July.” “However, with the
alert to the possibility of intervention by Japanese authorities. Middle East conflict still ongoing and little progress reopening
the Strait of Hormuz, upside risks to the Bank’s inflation forecast
• Oil extended its gains as President Trump downplayed
have increased.” US trade policy could also pose risks to
prospects for a deal with Iran, with Brent rising 0.6% to
Canadian inflation in the period ahead, as well as to activity.
US$95.2/bbl and WTI up 0.5% to US$90.6/bbl. Gold
rebounded 1.2% as lower US Treasury yields provided Local Data
support. Copper fell 0.4%, weighed down by concerns around
Q2 GDP growth accelerated to 0.4%qtr, while annual growth
the global growth outlook, while iron ore fell 2.1%.
slowed to 2.1%yr. The result confirms the economy is losing
International Data momentum but remains resilient overall (see here).
In New Zealand, the RBNZ raised the OCR by 25bps to 2.75%, as
US ADP employment came in marginally below expectations
widely expected (see here).
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
2

Corporate Directory
Westpac Economics / Australia Westpac Economics / New Zealand
Sydney Auckland
Level 19, 275 Kent Street Takutai on the Square
Sydney NSW 2000 Level 8, 16 Takutai Square
Australia Auckland, New Zealand
E: economics@westpac.com.au E: economics@westpac.co.nz
Luci Ellis Kelly Eckhold
Chief Economist Westpac Group Chief Economist NZ
E: luci.ellis@westpac.com.au E: kelly.eckhold@westpac.co.nz
Matthew Hassan Michael Gordon
Head of Australian Macro–Forecasting Senior Economist
E: mhassan@westpac.com.au E: michael.gordon@westpac.co.nz
Elliot Clarke Darren Gibbs
Head of International Economics Senior Economist
E: eclarke@westpac.com.au E: darren.gibbs@westpac.co.nz
Satish Ranchhod
Sian Fenner
Senior Economist
Head of Business and Industry Economics
E: satish.ranchhod@westpac.co.nz
E: sian.fenner@westpac.com.au
Paul Clark
Justin Smirk
Industry Economist
Senior Economist
E: paul.clarke@westpac.co.nz
E: jsmirk@westpac.com.au
Pat Bustamante
Senior Economist
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au Westpac Economics / Fiji
Mantas Vanagas
Suva
Senior Economist
1 Thomson Street
E: mantas.vanagas@westpac.com.au
Suva, Fiji
Ryan Wells
Shamal Chand
Economist
Senior Economist
E: ryan.wells@westpac.com.au
E: shamal.chand@westpac.com.au
Illiana Jain
Economist
E: illiana.jain@westpac.com.au
Neha Sharma
Economist
E: neha.sharma1@westpac.com.au
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au
westpaciq.com.au

DISCLAIMER
©2026 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141 (including with respect to a financial instrument, giving rise to potential
where acting under any of its Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne conflicts of interest which may impact the performance of a financial
or BankSA brands, collectively, “Westpac”). References to the “Westpac instrument. The Westpac Group may at any time transact or hold a
Group” are to Westpac and its subsidiaries and includes the directors, position (including hedging and trading positions) for its own account
employees and representatives of Westpac and its subsidiaries. or the account of a client in any financial instrument which may impact
the performance of that financial instrument.
Things you should know
Author(s) disclaimer and declaration: The author(s) confirms that
We respect your privacy: You can view the New Zealand Privacy (a) no part of his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or
Policy here, or the Australian Group Privacy Statement here. indirectly, related to any views or (if applicable) recommendations
Each time someone visits our site, data is captured so that we can expressed in this material; (b) this material accurately reflects his/her
accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements personal views about the financial products, companies or issuers (if
for you. We may at times use technology to capture data about you to applicable) and is based on sources reasonably believed to be reliable
help us to better understand you and your needs, including potentially and accurate; (c) to the best of the author’s knowledge, they are not in
for the purposes of assessing your individual reading habits and receipt of inside information and this material does not contain inside
interests to allow us to provide suggestions regarding other reading information; and (d) no other part of the Westpac Group has made any
material which may be suitable for you. attempt to influence this material.
This information, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under Further important information regarding sustainability related
copyright of the Westpac Group. None of the material, nor its content: This material may contain statements relating to
contents, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, transmitted environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. These are subject
to, copied of distributed to any other party without the prior written to known and unknown risks, and there are significant uncertainties,
permission of the Westpac Group. limitations, risks and assumptions in the metrics, modelling, data,
scenarios, reporting and analysis on which the statements rely. In
Disclaimer particular, these areas are rapidly evolving and maturing, and there
are variations in approaches and common standards and practice, as
This information has been prepared by Westpac and is intended well as uncertainty around future related policy and legislation. Some
for information purposes only. It is not intended to reflect any material may include information derived from publicly available
recommendation or financial advice and investment decisions should sources that have not been independently verified. No representation
not be based on it. This information does not constitute an offer, a or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability
solicitation of an offer, or an inducement to subscribe for, purchase or of the information. There is a risk that the analysis, estimates,
sell any financial instrument or to enter into a legally binding contract. judgements, assumptions, views, models, scenarios or projections
To the extent that this information contains any general advice, it has used may turn out to be incorrect. These risks may cause actual
been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The
situation or needs and before acting on it you should consider the ESG-related statements in this material do not constitute advice,
appropriateness of the advice. Certain types of transactions, including nor are they guarantees or predictions of future performance, and
those involving futures, options and high yield securities give rise to Westpac gives no representation, warranty or assurance (including
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. We recommend as to the quality, accuracy or completeness of the statements). You
that you seek your own independent legal or financial advice before should seek your own independent advice.
proceeding with any investment decision.
Additional country disclosures:
This information may contain material provided by third parties.
While such material is published with the necessary permission none Australia: Westpac holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (No.
of Westpac or its related entities accepts any responsibility for the 233714). You can access Westpac’s Financial Services Guide here or
accuracy or completeness of any such material. Although we have request a copy from your Westpac point of contact. To the extent that this
made every effort to ensure this information is free from error, none information contains any general advice, it has been prepared without
of Westpac or its related entities warrants the accuracy, adequacy taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and before
or completeness of this information, or otherwise endorses it in acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the advice.
any way. Except where contrary to law, Westpac Group intend by
this notice to exclude liability for this information. This information New Zealand: In New Zealand, Westpac Institutional Bank refers to
is subject to change without notice and none of Westpac or its the brand under which products and services are provided by either
related entities is under any obligation to update this information or Westpac (NZ division) or Westpac New Zealand Limited (company
correct any inaccuracy which may become apparent at a later date. number 1763882), the New Zealand incorporated subsidiary of
This information may contain or incorporate by reference forward Westpac (“WNZL”). Any product or service made available by WNZL
looking statements. The words “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, does not represent an offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries
“intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “continue”, “assume”, “positioned”, “may”, (other than WNZL). Neither Westpac nor its other subsidiaries
“will”, “should”, “shall”, “risk” and other similar expressions that are guarantee or otherwise support the performance of WNZL in respect
predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify of any such product. WNZL is not an authorised deposit-taking
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements institution for the purposes of Australian prudential standards. The
include all matters that are not historical facts. Past performance is current disclosure statements for the New Zealand branch of Westpac
not a reliable indicator of future performance, nor are forecasts of and WNZL can be obtained at www.westpac.co.nz.
future performance. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that
the assumptions on which any forecasts are based are reasonable, the Singapore: This material has been prepared and issued for
forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or distribution in Singapore to institutional investors, accredited
unknown risks and uncertainties. The ultimate outcomes may differ investors and expert investors (as defined in the applicable Singapore
substantially from any forecasts. laws and regulations) only. Recipients of this material in Singapore
should contact Westpac Singapore Branch in respect of any
Conflicts of Interest: In the normal course of offering banking matters arising from, or in connection with, this material. Westpac
products and services to its clients, the Westpac Group may act Singapore Branch holds a wholesale banking licence and is subject to
in several capacities (including issuer, market maker, underwriter, supervision by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
distributor, swap counterparty and calculation agent) simultaneously
Disclaimer continues overleaf
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
4

DISCLAIMER
Fiji: Unless otherwise specified, the products and services for The London branch of Westpac is registered at Companies House as
Westpac Fiji are available from www.westpac.com.fj © Westpac a branch established in the United Kingdom (Branch No. BR000106).
Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This information does not Details about the extent of the regulation of Westpac’s London branch
take your personal circumstances into account and before acting on it by the PRA are available from us on request.
you should consider the appropriateness of the information for your
financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 This communication is not being made to or distributed to, and must
141 is incorporated in NSW Australia and registered as a branch in not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Rather,
Fiji. The liability of its members is limited. this communication is being made only to and is directed at (a) those
persons falling within the definition of Investment Professionals
Papua New Guinea: Unless otherwise specified, the products and (set out in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act
services for Westpac PNG are available from www.westpac.com. 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)); (b) those
pg © Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This persons falling within the definition of high net worth companies,
information does not take your personal circumstances into account unincorporated associations etc. (set out in Article 49(2)of the Order; (c)
and before acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated in accordance
information for your financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation with the Order or (d) any persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully
ABN 33 007 457 141 is incorporated in NSW Australia. Westpac is be made (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant
represented in Papua New Guinea by Westpac Bank - PNG - Limited. persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or
The liability of its members is limited. rely on this communication or any of its contents. In the same way, the
information contained in this communication is intended for “eligible
U.S: Westpac operates in the United States of America as a federally counterparties” and “professional clients” as defined by the rules of
licensed branch, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the the Financial Conduct Authority and is not intended for “retail clients”.
Currency. Westpac is also registered with the US Commodity Futures Westpac expressly prohibits you from passing on the information in this
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Swap Dealer, but is neither communication to any third party.
registered as, or affiliated with, a Futures Commission Merchant
registered with the US CFTC. The services and products referenced European Economic Area (“EEA”): This material may be distributed
above are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to you by either: (i) Westpac directly, or (ii) Westpac Europe GmbH
(“FDIC”). Westpac Capital Markets, LLC (‘WCM’), a wholly-owned (“WEG”) under a sub-licensing arrangement. WEG has not edited or
subsidiary of Westpac, is a broker-dealer registered under the U.S. otherwise modified the content of this material. WEG is authorised
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘the Exchange Act’) and member of in Germany by the Federal Financial Supervision Authority (‘BaFin’)
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). In accordance and subject to its regulation. WEG’s supervisory authorities are BaFin
with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association with Related and the German Federal Bank (‘Deutsche Bundesbank’). WEG is
Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WCM other than as provided registered with the commercial register (‘Handelsregister’) of the local
for in certain legal agreements between Westpac and WCM and court of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 118483.
obligations of WCM do not represent liabilities of Westpac. In accordance with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association
with Related Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WEG other
This communication is provided for distribution to U.S. institutional than as provided for in certain legal agreements (a risk transfer, sub-
investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by participation and collateral agreement) between Westpac and WEG
Rule 15a-6 under the Exchange Act and is not subject to all of the and obligations of WEG do not represent liabilities of Westpac. Any
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research product or service made available by WEG does not represent an
reports prepared for retail investors in the United States. WCM is the offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries (other than WEG). All
U.S. distributor of this communication and accepts responsibility for disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WEG.
the contents of this communication. Transactions by U.S. customers of
any securities referenced herein should be effected through WCM. All This communication is not intended for distribution to, or use by any
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WCM. If person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution
you would like to speak to someone regarding any security mentioned or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
herein, please contact WCM on +1 212 389 1269. Investing in any
non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments mentioned in this This communication contains general commentary, research, and
communication may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. market colour. The communication does not constitute investment
issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to the regulations advice. The material may contain an ‘investment recommendation’
of, the SEC in the United States. Information on such non-U.S. and/or ‘information recommending or suggesting an investment’, both
securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Non-U.S. as defined in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (including as applicable
companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and in the United Kingdom) (“MAR”). In accordance with the relevant
regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect in the United provisions of MAR, reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the
States. The value of any investment or income from any securities material has been objectively presented and that interests or conflicts
or related derivative instruments denominated in a currency other of interest of the sender concerning the financial instruments to which
than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may that information relates have been disclosed.
have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such
securities or related derivative instruments. Investment recommendations must be read alongside the specific
disclosure which accompanies them and the general disclosure which
The author of this communication is employed by Westpac and is not can be found here. Such disclosure fulfils certain additional information
registered or qualified as a research analyst, representative, or associated requirements of MAR and associated delegated legislation and by
person of WCM or any other U.S. broker-dealer under the rules of accepting this communication you acknowledge that you are aware of
FINRA, any other U.S. self-regulatory organisation, or the laws, rules or the existence of such additional disclosure and its contents.
regulations of any State. Unless otherwise specifically stated, the views
expressed herein are solely those of the author and may differ from the To the extent this communication comprises an investment
information, views or analysis expressed by Westpac and/or its affiliates. recommendation it is classified as non-independent research. It has
not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed
UK: The London branch of Westpac is authorised in the United to promote the independence of investment research and therefore
Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is subject constitutes a marketing communication. Further, this communication is
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of
regulation by the PRA (Financial Services Register number: 124586). investment research.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable,
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
5